# Readme

This directory contains all material related to the article contained therein on the subject of the [discrete geometric equation](Discrete_Geometric_Equation.md).

In the spirit of open science, all revisions of this work are hosted here on github. In principle it could be considered a permanent living document, though the aim is to work towards a stable version. At present, it may be considered to be under public review; and although it will forever stay that way, in the near term, substantial errors, and hopefully subsequent refinements, are to be expected.

We strive to have every figure linked in this work, to be generated by a self-contained unit-test in this repository. Insofar as we fall short of that ideal, please point it out in the issue tracker.

Reproducing this work requires cloning this repository, creating a python/poetry environment, and invoking the relevant pytest entrypoints. Absent those steps, one may still independently reproduce at least part of this work by clicking this [link](https://www.shadertoy.com/view/mdjSWD).

Between shader language, formal writeups, or code generation frameworks, it is a tough choice which is the least transparant method of presenting an idea. If you want a high signal to noise preview of what this is about, take a look at [these](./../numpy/minimal.py) few lines of code.

## TODO

* make sure all figures can be autogenerated from a single file. getting close
* investigate conservation properties in the presence of a variable metric
* improve eigenstate solver
* structure text more cleanly; want to keep the mathematics, and conjecture about possible physical links of the mathematics seperate
* i suppose the one-up model we take a look at is just the GA version of Kaluza? can we weave that in?
* think about multivector geometric derivative of multivectors; does it make any sense on our grid? what about bivector commutator product?